mumbo fermet t-shirts are now available
if you want to support the mumbo for
mega cores then there's a link down in
the description you can grab one for
yourselves i personally absolutely love
them i think they're really really cool
so please do check them out anyway on
with the episode diamonds in minecraft
people care about them a lot it doesn't
matter that i've got an enormous base it
doesn't matter that i've got an
industrial district with huge automatic
farms it doesn't matter i've got a
villager trading hall automatic iron
farms and all that aerial done and
dusted people in the comments judge me
for the number of diamonds that i have
now did i sell my mustache and my my
clothes and my hair for diamonds yes i
did yes i did i was struggling at the
time okay but currently you know i have
i have nearly three stacks of diamonds i
thought that was okay but people people
still blast me down in the comment
section for being a poor hermit so we're
gonna change that at the start of this
episode somebody fetch me my jukebox and
my chat record
[Music]
well as always that was fun that little
mining session got ourselves nearly nine
stacks of diamonds we also got tons of
tons of redstone we got coal a little
bit of lapis as well and boatloads of
cobblestone which i know isn't that
useful because i now have a cobblestone
farm but hey sandy to have line around
so thank goodness i am now no longer the
poor hermit on the hermitcraft server
but just because i think this frame of
reference is entertaining building up
the outline of this that's not including
the resource gathering of it that's not
including any of the white stuff just
the gray part building it up and getting
it structurally correct took longer than
that entire mining session so that
should give you a rough idea
of how colossal this project is i might
start referring to my projects and how
long in diamonds it would take to
actually construct them like this base
project so far has probably taken around
about 150 stacks of diamonds to actually
build and now let's add a bunch more
stacks to that building process that was
an incredibly smooth segue wasn't it we
are going to be working on the base
today i want to try my best to get
i mean i you know i just want to get
some things on there's so many projects
that need to be done with this base it's
kind of difficult to know what to do
next because obviously we need to build
up all the terraforming and essentially
build up the hills so it meets with the
bottom of this thing that's quite
important we need to actually do the
inside of this thing we need to fill up
all the towers we actually need to make
this a structure we need to build on top
of the arches because we haven't got any
of those yet there's still
there's a lot left to do and i'm
panicking
goodness me
that was unexpected the creeper just
dropped down through the middle of my
base and just jettisoned me out
um
okay have i lost anything
god i'm having a bad time i've probably
died about eight or nine times in this
episode so far we're only about three
minutes in i i see it
that is so funny
so corrales was online during pretty
much all of my mining session yesterday
and then obviously i've come in this
morning and instantly died
and clearly
clearly he's uh
yeah he's decided he needs to protect me
anyway first things first i'm just gonna
start chucking in the blocks okay i've
been agonizing for around about the past
hour and a half
over what i'm going to do with this area
here and i've decided i'm just going to
start placing the blocks we're going to
see how everything looks
and i'm going to start making this
bottom area look a little bit more solid
now i will say i really really like the
cyan terracotta here that's a new block
that we haven't really used in the rest
of the build but i think it fits in
quite nicely with this area it's a tiny
bit darker it's nice smooth kind of
texture and i think when that gets built
up to full height it will look really
really cool
i would say we need almost like a punch
that's how iskall would refer to it as
like a contrast color i haven't really
thought of what would be a good one yet
i mean it's uh it's difficult building
is difficult
my brains are not wired for it i'm not
sure on this now
i'm not sure on this i feel like there's
just two different build styles that's
very uniform and then this is very messy
i don't think that works ah another one
and a half hours of agonizing later i
have a plan i have a plan i have a plan
i know what i'm going to do i think
i think it should look good i think it's
going to look cool i mean how could it
not look cool i'm going to extend the
archery backwards it's going to have
it's just going to look good i think i'm
willing that into existence like if i
keep telling the universe that it's
going to look good then the universe
will make it look good now that we're
decently rich it has got me thinking i
wonder if i should invest
in some extra plots of land
you know obviously i've got my little
bits store which we can we can switch
around and we can add a different store
in there at some point when i think of
something else to sell
but i kind of really like the idea of
building up some form of absolutely
enormous ridiculous store just something
absolutely massive something needlessly
gigantic
that is over the top are we running
through ideas in my head over the next
couple days as to what we can do with
that but i just want to say i can't
believe i never thought to do this like
the idea that you would have this
enormous structure and then the archway
would only be one block deep of course
that's gonna look strange as soon as
i've added some beef into this it looks
like a million times better so i'm going
to extend it back a little bit further
and i think i'm just going to create
like a great hallway in the center right
let's spin around
that looks cool that looks cool so i've
put kind of almost a little bit of a
bevel or an indent on this thing
oh that looks so mega
i mean i i wasn't really planning
i mean i wonder if we make all of them
like the three tiers of this thing
almost a little bit like this where you
can see through
i don't i mean i don't know i i honestly
don't know i'm i'm really flying by the
seat of my pants here because i'm just
building this free hand as i go and
coming up with the ideas as i go but i
like this a lot i always feel like i
should extend it a little bit further
what i want to do is i want to create
almost a central octagon so another
octagon in the middle right here which
is going to be the central section and
this is also going to run all the way up
to the top i would have thought
so we're going to get a
massive sense of scale in the center
here
so i want to make sure that i don't make
that too small because we don't want it
to be like a pipe i'd quite like it to
be like a big grand hall type thing but
i also i don't want to make it
i don't want to make it too big so it
feels totally empty in here either way
as i'm sure you can tell i'm pretty
excited i'm pretty excited about this
one alright so each and every single one
of these has now been constructed we now
have ourselves four solid looking
archways running into the center here
which is fantastic i actually haven't
looked at this thing from the outside
just yet
i imagine not much has changed
but
it does look cool now
from whatever angle you're kind of
looking at it from now as i was building
this i did think
i should probably do some ruining to the
inside of these at some point soon a
little bit how i did a little bit like
how i did the outside of this thing i
guess i've built it flat and then
eventually i am going to ruin it but i'm
going to put that to the back of my mind
for the time being because now i want to
work on this central hallway
and
oh gosh i'm really trying my best to
think about how i'm going to do this
i mean i really like the idea of almost
going up like a
cone almost that is one that will
require a lot of testing because i want
to make sure that i nail that so i
decided to concentrate my time instead
into the flooring part and this took so
much longer than i care to admit we're
we're if we're gonna go back to the
diamond scale probably around about six
tanks of diamonds just for this which is
so silly because there's nothing there
but i went through so many different
things and i tried out so many different
styles none of them worked but the
concept is is i'm going to have a
walkway over the top of a life-filled
center so there's going to be water
there's going to be things sprouting out
there's going to be things hanging from
the ceiling it's going to look beautiful
when i do it all right and then it's all
going to cascade into like a void hole
in the center it's going to branch off
into all the various areas of my base
it's going to look awesome okay it
really is but currently my brain is
frazzled my brain when it comes to
building is like a prune okay it's just
it's just
it's like a crumpled piece of paper and
if i keep building it's going to fire up
my head and into the bin which isn't
good so i'm gonna do something else and
that's something else is have a chat
with grumba i'm sure that'll make me
feel better oh and it looks like green
has supplied grumble with a little bit
of budget so i guess i should probably
do the same i mean i'll pile up
let's say seven diamond blocks on this
side right here is that enough budget
i mean that seems like it would be a
good amount of budget
that's embarrassing i think it's quite
clear who the driver behind this
campaign is
[Laughter]
you have to remember i didn't ask to be
mayor okay i didn't i didn't ask to be a
part of this i would say my donation is
plenty good enough anyway let's ask this
dude a question okay we'll find out what
we actually need to do next because i
feel like you know we still don't really
have a plan i've provided it with budget
so so what do we do next all right so
let's let's do this bootload the brain
flood the mayoral reservoir and
[Music]
all right he's got an answer and
he's so temperamental
why is he angry about this one
i've already answered that when did he
answer that
is that one korean
wait hang on if i ask what green asked
and he doesn't want to repeat it to me
that's so ridiculous i paid you a
diamond dude you can you can answer the
same question as many times you like
you're getting paid every single time
you have to answer could you answer
again
i mean surely surely you can't take
issue with that
[Music]
all right he's calculating he's
calculating
he's got an answer
and he's still angry i i mean it's no
surprise it honestly is no surprise fine
green neither
i paid a diamond for that answer
i i paid a diamond for him to tell me
that i just need to find green
oh building grumble may have been a
mistake this this could have been a
mistake oh for goodness sake i just
joined
i saw him he was there and now he's left
again how what i can't disappoint
grandbot like this
i don't know what he'll do he has made a
return
and he is wearing a rather fancy t-shirt
i want to ask if if grumbot is
responsible for this
because
i really want one of those
that looks so good that looks so cool
oh wow it's the full nine yards
all right i i guess i need to get myself
one of those then why do i kind of look
like a superhero
[Laughter]
am i the only one who's seeing this i
mean obviously you know i've got my i've
got my fresh new t-shirt and i'm looking
good mumbo for mayor and all that fully
tucked into the pants of course because
the high pans have to stay why do i look
like a superhero though
like a full-blown superhero well if you
want to look like a superhero then you
can also grab a mumbo from air t-shirt
uh we are now sending them i'll put a
link to it down in the description it's
not a requirement to tuck them in quite
so high into your trousers you can leave
them totally untucked however if you do
get a mumbo format t-shirt
please okay just for everyone
find
find your your
i'm laughing just imagining this find
your most old manny pair of jeans that
you own okay and just pull them right up
high tuck the t-shirt in and then send
it to me on twitter and instagram
because i will appreciate that massively
absolutely massively and if you have a
belt with a gold belt buckle then that
is an extra step that i will hugely
appreciate as i say mumbo former
t-shirts now available down in the
description there's a link right there
just give it a click and grab yourself
some seriously now that i've said that
though i cannot wait to see the pictures
of people rocking this outfit i mean i
really i cannot wait that's gonna make
my year it is now the next day and i
cannot stop thinking about this space i
cannot stop thinking about what i'm
going to do in the middle here it's been
stressing me out i want to get it done i
have eight hours until i want to release
this video so i'm going to work solidly
on this thing for the next eight hours
and we'll see what we can get now the
reason i'm saying that is because
there's a chance we'll get nothing
there's a chance that it will just all
look totally ugly and horrible but
you'll know that i spent eight hours
making that ugly horrible mess so
hopefully you'll feel sorry for me down
in the comment section first things
first going to level with you i'm not a
big fan of these jungle wood walkways
right here so i think i'm going to
remove these and that will give us a
slightly clean slate to work from that's
much nicer i feel now an idea that i had
last night is that potentially we could
have another set of archways in the
center here that almost act as a
centerpiece and then
it's like archways between archways and
things
yeah i mean we can definitely give that
a go now i feel like we should try our
best to play off these ratios again so
i've built up the outline of the
archways to be in line with the size of
these things that seems to kind of make
sense to me and maybe that's something
that we could continue forward in the
future
i mean right the way up to the top where
do we actually line up there that seems
like it would line up
with this which is quite interesting i'm
sure there's a mathematical reason as to
why that is i've finally done something
that i'm feeling good about so i decided
before i built up the center that i
should probably build up the outside
and this is nice now obviously it will
require some ruining and i'm going to
add some detail into it maybe even like
a slightly inset bit
potentially but i'm liking the look
especially now that it's full height
okay let's build up the other three and
we've just two of them in place this is
looking totally wild already i'm loving
this now everything is all built and
constructed it looks pretty cool from up
above but most importantly it also looks
pretty cool from the center as well
so it really gives us an idea of how
tall this thing can go i'm thinking we
actually leave this quite open and as
mentioned earlier we kind of continued
this hollowness going right the way up
to the top although i'm not entirely
sure how i'm going to do that i guess
we'll cross that bridge when it comes to
it for now i've been doing a lot of
thinking about this central section and
i actually think it could be quite
interesting now that this is constructed
and we almost have this
kind of diagonal square shape in the
center here i think it might be
interesting to actually build up our
central piece diagonally as well
then we can connect things up using
archways i want all of you to just
ignore the fact that i fell down into my
base there this might just be the most
sarcastic sign i've ever seen in
minecraft i mean who did this who
actually placed these my mind is going
towards green but i i don't know i i
really don't know anyway i've just built
up the first central column and i
actually went for something a little bit
different than what i was kind of
expecting and i'm i'm curious now to see
if it looks good
uh
i mean i tried my best to match it to
this and it doesn't look like i have
done that
do you know what i mean
why does that not look like that they're
the same curve
but it totally doesn't look like that's
i'm also ah okay so there'd be another
one here that would go up and that would
also match up with that curve
ah
i don't know if i like it or dislike it
i mean i think maybe i might try one
that's just solid smooth stone maybe
that's the problem that they don't match
up maybe that will sell it a tiny bit
more yeah i think this is a lot better
the only thing that i will say is that
cobblestone up at the top is horrible i
think that might be the thing that's
messing me up so smooth stone all the
way across and then also build up the
other half i desperately need to more
proof this base i don't think there's
been a clip that i've recorded in like
the past couple hours that hasn't been
ended with a mob approaching me all
right this is cool yep yep yep yep yep i
like this all right so we need to get
each one of these in place and then i
think we'll end up with actually a
really solid looking area and most
importantly we can actually start
hanging things from this and start
getting some decorations in vertically
the shapes that we're ending up with up
here are starting to look really really
cool if i look straight down on this
thing
it's like a a strange alien geometric
look at this
look at this as i'm sure you could tell
from that clip i hadn't actually looked
down i was kind of looking at it from
standing on it and i was like this does
look quite cool but as soon as you fly
up it looks even more crazy anyway this
thing
is now all built and constructed so we
now have all of our archways in place so
we can get a feel
for what this space is like and i'm
really really liking it i'm also weirdly
liking this view probably the most
and i know that's not the view that i
should be liking the most but everything
looks nuts when you look at it from up
here
this looks super super cool
and also it just gives me the feeling of
how nuts this tower is going to look
once it's actually all built upwards and
we have the spiral on the top i mean
this is just this is mega
this is absolutely mega if i thought my
base is in the past for mega this just
completely knocks them out the park so
over the next couple days i'm going to
put a lot of work into planning out what
i'm going to be building on this floor
level here i'm picturing bamboo and
leaves and everything like that
cascading downwards and also once again
taking some inspiration from etho with
the glazed terracotta hang from the
ceiling i just think that's such a cool
idea so i'm going to play around with
that and i just
i really think that this central section
could end up looking special and then i
guess this place in the middle here
really lends itself to basically what
i've done with the ibbb
which is just a drop through into the
main area of my base so that's where all
the storage systems and all of the admin
stuff is going to be going all the bits
up at the top here are purely just for
decoration and for sheer coolness and i
definitely think that this base is
winning in the sheer coolness department
so exciting times ahead i hope that
you've enjoyed this hermitcraft episode
it's been a lot of fun to record and
i'll catch you in the next one see ya
and now time for a little bit of
shameless merch promotion obviously if
you do want to support the mumbo from
hair campaign you can grab yourself some
mumbo from a t-shirt down in the
description it is worth pointing out
that they are on green's store but the
the profits are shared equally between
the pair of us and i think they're
really cool i i just think they're cool
and plenty of people have been saying it
on twitter and in the comments so you
might as well say it on your chest as
well